# Game: DungeonCrawler

By: Juno Park, Kyle Johnson

Description: This is a dungeon crawler game that will create a new instance of the game everytime you run the Demo class, randomly populating it each time. You will spawn into the world and will need to enter rooms to find food, weapons, and chests. You'll be given options to choose from and you input the number correlating to said option. These chests have a chance to give you a key, something you'll need to exit this dungeon, however be careful. If you have a weapon you already like, you may find yourself with a new weapon that isn't all great for rummaging through these chests. There are three ways to end the game, you either find the key and exit out the locked door in the castle, kill all the monsters in the dungeon, or be killed. Weapons can help you by replacing your default damage with the weapon's enhanced damage. Food helps restore your health, but you aren't alone. Other than the regular monsters, there is a Dark Glutton eating whatever it can. There is also a Demon that roams the dungeon, fighting any player nearby. Following suit, a Leech can be found applying their own bleed damage to the player if they're not careful. Finally, there is a Dark God that cannot move, but walk into its room and you may not be able to beat it if ill prepared.  

Citation: Homework 8's Character, Maze, Room, and Polymorphia(in our game called DungeonCrawler). We used these classes as bases to slowly build our actual game off of. We modified the classes in order to play more as a dungeon crawler type game with game states to show options for the player rather than polymorphia's automated gameplay.